CEXT-3242: Release the new version of commerce webhooks without admin UI (#213)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/webhooks.md

### Configure webhook

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> This feature is temporarily disabled, due to changes in [Webhooks](../webhooks/release-notes.md#version-150).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a webhook in the Admin configuration is temporarily disabled, due to changes in [Webhooks](../webhooks/release-notes.md#version-150). Instead, [create a webhook from an `xml` file](../webhooks/hooks.md).
```
